hi guys in this video I want to show you
how to make death animation like this
one you have equal to
zero it place it style character
th okay first thing first open the
engine
go to gam is and choose third person
character name the project what you want
for me is this
project okay first thing first we have
to go here the content dra and create
new blueprint
actor that's
ople obs
bre it down and this one
Cube let's change the material of this
Cube now the Box
Collision
connected up
okay
F now select the boooks and go
down on compon begin
overlap pass to third person
character select the object as
character okay now let's go here to
third person blueprint
take the
30% and creating a variable this is
heal make this H
FL and make this H
compile
100% uh okay now let's go here
and contemp to the
obstacle it the
he get
health okay now let's get Heth
from this for
one one substract
by
25 and that's it head
okay print
string make it like
this okay from this right here let
compile and let's see it works or
not drag the
cube scale it
up
okay okay f which
works okay before we
continue we have to add another
things had to add a
clamp clamp load set the value of the
head between zero and 100 because the
head can be Nega
5 this is what you
mon okay now if the health is
zero now from this set
branch and set
equal if that is equal to
zero okay once it's true we have to play
animation
play okay the problem is not showed
right here we have to disable this one
and select this one the animation choose
the animation from what you want for me
I downloaded this one an started
back okay and add display and
from
this okay SE for
that and
finally after
delay 02
seconds we have to disable
input from that we have to add the
target this is my third person character
right here this my
target okay untag display animation to
third
person hit compile save on and let's
see so let's get
I think fine it
works thank you guys for watching this
is all for this tutorial see you later
in the next tutorial